LINK TO REPO
Create a new virtual environment, and install django 5.0 on it with command in the venv: python -m pip install Django==5.0.0
Make sure that up-to-date asgiref, pip, and sqlparse packages are also installed in lib/python/site-packages
Then the server can be started with command: python manage.py runserver

FLAW 1: CSRF
SOURCE LINK
CSRF, of cross-site request forgery as a vulnerability can allow an attacker to make users do things
they normally wouldn't do. In this case, an attacker can write an HTML webpage (hack.html in this case) which contains 
a request to change the username of a user visiting the page and logged in to the vulnerable website.
This is due to the programme not checking the CSRF token for this request. Thus, a fix for this specific
issue is to remove the decorator @csrf_exempt from the view and add add {% csrf_token %} to the from
for changing the username. This means that the browser sends the server the csrf token which is required by the server.
This is not the only vulnerability with how changing a username is implemented, and another one is addressed later.
Note that flaws 1 and 4 share bafore photos as they can be attacked the same way.

FLAW 2: A07:2021 Identification and authentification failures
SOURCE LINK TO THE PICTURE
Session identifier is sensitive information and displaying it in the URL exposes it to capture by attackers.
It can be logged to the web browser, the web server, and proxy servers between the client and the server.
Showing the session id in URL exposes sensitive information and attackers can gain it, and impersonate 
the user and take completely over the account. This is called session hijacking, which needs an active session
token to gain unauthorised access.
A fix for the vulnerability in this case is to rely on Django's own framework of handling the session id
and remove the structure that inputs the session id into the URL and uses it.

FLAW 3: A06:2021 Vulnerable and Outdated components
SOURCE LINK TO lib/python3.12/site-packages
Installation script in installation instructions installs Django 5.0 which is marked on their website as unsupported and insecure. This is means that the software is 'vulnerable, unsupported, or out of date'
and includes dependencies, which Django is a crucial one. This vulnerability means that attackers could exploit the known security vulnerabilities of
the out-of-date software to cause harm. This project has been started with Django 6.0.7 and built with that and then downgraded to 5.0, and thus
upgrading it to the latest version will revert this vulnerability. There might be other dependencies that are also unsupported and insecure, but
the flaw focuses on Django's versions.

FLAW 4: A01:2021 Broken Access Control
SOURCE LINK LINE 31 IN VIEWS
Currently, changing one's username isn't protected in any meaningful manner. The view to change a username neither checks that the user whose
username is to be changed is the sender of the request, nor checks that the request is sent by a user who is logged in. This grants access to 
anyone, when the default should be that only the relevant user is allowed to change their username. Basically anyone could send a POST request
to the web server to change the admin user's username to anything of their liking. One way to prevent as simple an attack as sending a POST 
request with the needed variables is to make sure that the user is logged in when performing this action, and another one is to take the username 
to change from the request itself, like "request.user". These together patch this specific issue.
Note that flaws 1 and 4 share bafore photos as they can be attacked the same way.

FLAW 5: A02:2021 Cryptographic failures
SOURCE LINK security/settings.py line 106
According to OWASP, passwords 'require extra protection' and thus should be hashed safely. Django uses PBKDF2 and Argon2 for example by default
in password hashing. These modern functions are two of the ones currently in use and even of these two, Argon2 is considered the stronger, as it is 
memory hard. This programme uses SHA-1, a cracked hashing algorithm that is not used anymore because it is not safe. This unsafety is thanks to 
there being a way, or ways to create collisions for any chosen value, meaning for any chosen value one can find another value whose hash is the same
as the original's. This kind of attack would be used mostly with documents where one is benign sent by the original sender and the other is malicious 
sent by an attacker. The attacker's file could be created to have the same hash value, and copy the signature of the original file. The  passwords 
hashed by SHA-1 are vulnerable to GPU brute forcing thanks to how fast the algorithm is, and lookup table based attacks.The way to fix this issue is 
to switch to Django's default hashers: Argon2, bcrypt, scrypt, and PBKDF2. Good practice is also to make sure that hashes are also at least salted.
